team.md, before:

---
layout: single
title: "Team"
author_profile: true
---

## Core Team Members

### [Peter W. Smith](http://user.uni-frankfurt.de/~psmith) (PI, project spokesperson)

![Pete](/assets/images/pete_nz2.jpg)
{: .logosize .align-center }

Peter W. Smith is a Wissenschaftlicher Mitarbeiter at the Syntax Chair of Katharina Hartmann in the Institut für Linguistik, Goethe-Universität, Frankfurt.

### [Katharina Hartmann](https://www.uni-frankfurt.de/58779047/Hartmann_Syntax) (PI)

![Katharina](/assets/images/katharina.jpg)
{: .logosize }

Katharina Hartmann is Professor of Syntax at the Institut für Linguistik, Goethe-Universität, Frankfurt.

### [Zheng Shen](https://zheng-shen.github.io/)


![Zheng](/assets/images/zheng.jpg)
{: .logosize }

Zheng Shen is the post-doc for the project, and incorporated into the Syntax Chair of Katharina Hartmann in the Institut für Linguistik, Goethe-Universität, Frankfurt.

## Associate Members

### [Franc Marušič](http://www.ung.si/~fmarusic/index2.html)

Franc Marušič is Associate professor of linguistics at the School of Humanities, University of Nova Gorica.

### [Beata Moskal](http://user/uni-frankfurt.de/~moskal)
 
![Bam!](/assets/images/bampic.jpg)
{: .logosize }

Beata Moskal is Wissenschaftliche Mitarbeiterin at the Phonology Chair of Caroline Féry at Goethe-Universität, Frankfurt.
She works on issues such as suppletion, markedness, and the nature of grammatical features.

### [Fenna Bergsma](http://user.uni-frankfurt.de/~bergsma)

![Fenna](/assets/images/fenna.jpg)
{: .logosize }

Fenna Bergsma is a PhD. candidate in the Graduiertenkolleg 'Nominal Modfication' at Goethe-Universität, Frankfurt.
She is writing her dissertation on the effects of syncretism in constructions involving multivaluation.



## Affiliated Members

+ [Gisli Rúnar Harðarsson](https://gislihardarson.wordpress.com/)
+ [Diane Jonas](https://www.uni-frankfurt.de/43186356/Jonas)
+ [Viola Schmitt](https://www.univie.ac.at/germanistik/viola-schmitt)

Commit message:

Addition of Nelly and Fenna @ GLOW

team.md, after:

---
layout: single
title: "Team"
author_profile: true
---

## Core Team Members

### [Peter W. Smith](http://user.uni-frankfurt.de/~psmith) (PI, project spokesperson)

![Pete](/assets/images/pete_nz2.jpg)
{: .logosize .align-center }

Peter W. Smith is a Wissenschaftlicher Mitarbeiter at the Syntax Chair of Katharina Hartmann in the Institut für Linguistik, Goethe-Universität, Frankfurt.

### [Katharina Hartmann](https://www.uni-frankfurt.de/58779047/Hartmann_Syntax) (PI)

![Katharina](/assets/images/katharina.jpg)
{: .logosize }

Katharina Hartmann is Professor of Syntax at the Institut für Linguistik, Goethe-Universität, Frankfurt.

### [Zheng Shen](https://zheng-shen.github.io/)


![Zheng](/assets/images/zheng.jpg)
{: .logosize }

Zheng Shen is the post-doc for the project, and incorporated into the Syntax Chair of Katharina Hartmann in the Institut für Linguistik, Goethe-Universität, Frankfurt.

### Nelly Kezerova

![Nelly](/assets/images/Nelly.jpg)
{: .logosize }


Nelly is the student assistant for the project, and MA student of Lingusitics at Goethe-Universität, Frankfurt.

## Associate Members

### [Franc Marušič](http://www.ung.si/~fmarusic/index2.html)

Franc Marušič is Associate professor of linguistics at the School of Humanities, University of Nova Gorica.

### [Beata Moskal](http://user/uni-frankfurt.de/~moskal)
 
![Bam!](/assets/images/bampic.jpg)
{: .logosize }

Beata Moskal is Wissenschaftliche Mitarbeiterin at the Phonology Chair of Caroline Féry at Goethe-Universität, Frankfurt.
She works on issues such as suppletion, markedness, and the nature of grammatical features.

### [Fenna Bergsma](http://user.uni-frankfurt.de/~bergsma)

![Fenna](/assets/images/fenna.jpg)
{: .logosize }

Fenna Bergsma is a PhD. candidate in the Graduiertenkolleg 'Nominal Modfication' at Goethe-Universität, Frankfurt.
She is writing her dissertation on the effects of syncretism in constructions involving multivaluation.



## Affiliated Members

+ [Gisli Rúnar Harðarsson](https://gislihardarson.wordpress.com/)
+ [Diane Jonas](https://www.uni-frankfurt.de/43186356/Jonas)
+ [Viola Schmitt](https://www.univie.ac.at/germanistik/viola-schmitt)
